Stream variance (#1268)
getkyo/kyo: README.md

The `Stream` effect is useful for processing large amounts of data in a memory-efficient manner, as it allows for lazy evaluation and only keeps a small portion of the data in memory at any given time. It's also composable, allowing you to build complex data processing pipelines by chaining stream operations.

> Note that a number of `Stream` methods (e.g., `map`, `filter`, `mapChunk`) are separated into pure and effectful versions, which have a `-Kyo` suffix. For instance, `map` transforms streamed elements using a function in the form `V => V1`, whereas `mapKyo` transforms elements with a function `V => V1 < S1`, allowing you to use arbitrary effects in the transformation. Any of the `-Kyo` methods will also accept pure functions, since any value can be lifted to a pending type, but the performance will be worse. For optimal performance, be sure to use the pure versions when you can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that a number of `Stream` methods (e.g., `map`, `filter`, `mapChunk`) are separated into pure and effectful versions. For instance, `mapPure` transforms streamed elements using a pure function of the form `V => V1`, whereas `map` uses a function `V => V1 < S1`, allowing you to introduce effects in the transformation. While `map` can also accept pure functions (as any value can be lifted), this comes with a performance cost. For optimal performance, prefer `mapPure` when no effects are needed.
```

// Process the stream
val result: Unit < (Resource & Console & Async & Abort[IOException]) =

>     lines.mapKyo(line => Console.printLine(line)).discard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    lines.map(line => Console.printLine(line)).discard
```
